README.md, before:

# Keycloak Organization auto-assigner

This is a Keycloak custom SPI that automatically assigns users to organizations based on their email domain.

Starting from Keycloak 26, `Organizations` are fully supported in Keycloak. This SPI allows you to automatically assign users to organizations based on their email domain, making it easier to manage user access and permissions.


## Compilation

There is a `Dockerfile` in the root of the project that can be used to build a Docker image with the SPI:

```bash
docker build -t keycloak-organization-auto-assigner .
```

The compiled JAR file will be located in `/usr/src/app/target/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar`:

```bash
docker create --name keycloak-organization-auto-assigner keycloak-organization-auto-assigner
docker cp keycloak-organization-auto-assigner:/usr/src/app/target/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar dist/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar
docker rm keycloak-organization-auto-assigner
```


## Deployment

Copy the JAR file to your Keycloak server's `providers/` directory.



## Configuration

1. Log in to the Keycloak Admin Console.
2. Select the Realm where you want to configure the SPI.
3. Navigate to **Realm Settings** > **Events** > **Event Listeners**.
4. Find the `auto-org-assigner` listener in the "Available" list and select it.


![Event listener](assets/screenshot.png)

Commit message:

State when the organization assignment happens

README.md, after:

# Keycloak Organization auto-assigner

This is a Keycloak custom SPI that automatically assigns users to organizations based on their email domain.

Starting from Keycloak 26, `Organizations` are fully supported in Keycloak. This SPI allows you to automatically assign users to organizations based on their email domain when they register via Keycloak's registration flow, making it easier to manage user access and permissions.


## Compilation

There is a `Dockerfile` in the root of the project that can be used to build a Docker image with the SPI:

```bash
docker build -t keycloak-organization-auto-assigner .
```

The compiled JAR file will be located in `/usr/src/app/target/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar`:

```bash
docker create --name keycloak-organization-auto-assigner keycloak-organization-auto-assigner
docker cp keycloak-organization-auto-assigner:/usr/src/app/target/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar dist/keycloak-auto-org-assigner-1.0.0.jar
docker rm keycloak-organization-auto-assigner
```


## Deployment

Copy the JAR file to your Keycloak server's `providers/` directory.



## Configuration

1. Log in to the Keycloak Admin Console.
2. Select the Realm where you want to configure the SPI.
3. Navigate to **Realm Settings** > **Events** > **Event Listeners**.
4. Find the `auto-org-assigner` listener in the "Available" list and select it.


![Event listener](assets/screenshot.png)
